Introduces the new partitioner to implement the reduction StreamK kernel. (#3107)
ROCm/composable_kernel: example/ck_tile/40_streamk_gemm/README.md

          -a_layout    tensor A data layout (default: R)
          -b_layout    tensor B data layout (default: C)
          -c_layout    tensor C data layout (default: R)
-reduction_strategy    strategy for storing results in C tensor. atomic/reduction (default:atomic)

>      -persistent_dp    persistent strategy for data-parallel section. 0. Non-persistent, 1 persistent.")

Reviewer: This isn't clear. if 0 is non-persistent and 1 is persistent, then this should read:

```suggestion
     -persistent_dp    persistent strategy for data-parallel section. Set to 0 for on-persistent or to 1 for persistent."
```

A default value is also missing.

Author: Updated with the suggested changes
